W-12536520-changes-release-fa (#141)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-cli: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/account.adoc

== account:business-group:describe

----

> > account:business-group:describe  [flags] <organizationID>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> account:business-group:describe  [flags] <identifier>
```

----

> This command displays information on the business group you pass in `<organizationID>`. +
> If `<organizationID>` is not specified, the command describes the business group on the current session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command displays information on the business group you pass in `<identifier>`. +
If `<identifier>` is not specified, the command describes the business group on the current session.
Identifier searches for id match first, then name.
```

== account:business-group:describe

----
> account:business-group:describe  [flags] <identifier>
----

This command displays information on the business group you pass in `<identifier>`. +
If `<identifier>` is not specified, the command describes the business group on the current session.

> Identifier searches for id match first, then name.

Reviewer 2: As a standard we use ID rather than id
